Hubspot Actions Cloud | Added some FAQ (#4936)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/destinations/catalog/actions-hubspot-cloud/index.md

### Does the HubSpot Cloud Mode (Actions) destination support EU data residency?
Yes. HubSpot will automatically redirect API requests directly to an EU data center if your HubSpot instance is on an EU data center. See more in HubSpot's [Routing API Traffic](https://product.hubspot.com/blog/routing-api-traffic){:target="_blank"} article.

### How can I disable or delete a destination from Segment?
Follow the instructions in the docs to [disable](/docs/connections/destinations/actions/#disable-a-destination-action) or [delete](/docs/connections/destinations/actions/#delete-a-destination-action) a destination action from Segment.

### How can I uninstall an app from my HubSpot account?

> Follow the steps mentioned [here](https://knowledge.hubspot.com/integrations/connect-apps-to-hubspot#uninstall-an-app) to uninstall or disconnect an app from your HubSpot account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow the steps mentioned [here](https://knowledge.hubspot.com/integrations/connect-apps-to-hubspot#uninstall-an-app){:target="_blank"} to uninstall or disconnect an app from your HubSpot account.
```

### Does the HubSpot Cloud Mode (Actions) destination support EU data residency?
Yes. HubSpot will automatically redirect API requests directly to an EU data center if your HubSpot instance is on an EU data center. See more in HubSpot's [Routing API Traffic](https://product.hubspot.com/blog/routing-api-traffic){:target="_blank"} article.

### How can we disable or delete a destination from segment?
Follow the instructions mentioned here to [disable](https://segment.com/docs/connections/destinations/actions/#disable-a-destination-action) or [delete](https://segment.com/docs/connections/destinations/actions/#delete-a-destination-action) a destination action from segment.

### How to uninstall your app from a HubSpot account?
Follow the steps mentioned [here](https://knowledge.hubspot.com/integrations/connect-apps-to-hubspot#uninstall-an-app) to uninstall or disconnect an app from your HubSpot account.

### How disconnecting and uninstalling might affect user's HubSpot accounts and data ?

> Segment will stop sending data to HubSpot right away.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Segment immediately stops sending data to HubSpot after you disconnect and uninstall a HubSpot account.
```
